hesco explodes against Juan Guarnizo and
he responds that he only wanted to
put on a show for the kin lit greev ends
his relationship with ibai in a very
traumatic way ibai unfollows
greev and probably blocks him shokas gives his
opinion on the subject cristinini can't take
the hate anymore tanizen earns more than 2000
in just two live Kick kaeli and
la beesita confess to Cry and Jaime
altosano and ter announce their breakup all
this much more here on your
favorite gossip channel What's up my kids
How have you been I hope you've been
enjoying the week we have
a lot of gossip to tell you in
this video So I suggest you
get comfortable and stay until the
end Also you know that I'm
giving you a video game in every
newscast So you have to be very
attentive Because at any moment
Random will appear on screen where
you least expect it a code that you can
redeem for a video game So stay
tuned and if you don't  you catch today because you're already
late subscribe by activating
the bell to be the first to
enter the next time I upload a video
how are you family How are you Well
eh I said it okay the index today Speaks
for itself and there's not much more to
add what a can Lio the ibai and the gref
And by the way we have made a troll on
Twitter family I will be reading you in the
comments box and if you are at the
premiere then I will be reading you in the
chat what I said okay if you are interested and you
like this type of content and you want us to
continue doing it subscribe give it a
like share and be very active let's get
to
it the story of friendship between wescol
and Juan guarnizo goes back more than
5 years I'm not going to explain
the whole context again because I've
explained it a thousand times and you have a video
here on this same channel with everything
absolutely everything that happened and
you draw your conclusions I think they
are two characters that could fight each other Let's
see which of the two is worse
But it is true that  we have to
admit that in the past Juan Guarnizo
laughed at Wcol's numbers and
today Wcol is trampling on him in virality you are
my God you are my God And that is an
objective fact and I do not care about either of them at the
moment I am seeing a pretty
strong bifeo that is raising the tone with each
day in the King Lee between the
two of them the other day I was commenting
on another newscast that Piqué in fact
put on the table a friendly between the
Wcol team and Juan's team
Juan's team is on the Spanish King list
and WSC's team is on the
Americas But still they had to
fill a stadium that they have rented and they are not
capable of filling it if on some
occasion you want WSC to come to you
and get angry with you I say Tell him that you are
bigger than him or like what
Juan has told him that it is the most
important event he will attend in his
life What an event, something that Wcol has not
taken long to respond to Santos Fúbol Club
I hope that the international star
deigns to come to the biggest event in
the one who is going to participate in his entire
life wescol claims that he wants to fight with
Juan that that would be a good
show that we would all enjoy
Although I wouldn't be very interested
because honestly the result of that
fight I am clear that Juan will sneak in
porridge or maybe not who knows
maybe we would get a surprise
but I don't think so brother please let's
fight hon let's fight in a r I am
small partner let's do the real thing because
for one with gloves dude And that's it we go in
a r what p one go out to talk and
answer an idiot that you don't have to
answer him partner if you understand me how
the biggest event that is going to participate
in my life daddy Ah yes I was over there
in Dubai doing the launch of the
2022 World Cup with Lil baby Ah yes I don't
even events because I make them son
of a [ __ ] Who has the record in
Latin America everyone hurts
but I have it it's my record they can't
take it away from me because this year I'm
going to take it away by myself so [ __ ]
for saying things that make you look bad
I want to see it again is that  pere that
I don't want that when I say something like that
son of a [ __ ] they tell me I was saying
that to him for show well he deigns to come to the
biggest event in which he will
participate in his entire life [ __ ] he has
a vice bro okay Speaking clearly It's not
that look bro that's not that, it's not a show
Juan guarnizo he's been jealous of me
since I started He has never come out to
talk about it because he can't Juan you're
going to see this bro I know that you do
remember when you wrote to me that I
had 200 viewers that I was the
funniest he has to remember that
and when I had 1000 and 2000 he no longer
told me that I was the funniest but rather he
threw [ __ ] at me and that they would ban me from
Twitch that I don't know what daddy changed his
mind But he will never talk about
that send that son of a [ __ ] a tweet so he can
see the tweet so that people can see
the tweet that he sent me to
remember him again a long time ago I didn't
mention anything personal I'm going to mention
personal things other than the
involvement with the league and that's it  final and I
think if we take it that way it
can be fun and ent had for
both fans I don't like being
thrown around even [ __ ] around that's what Juan wrote to me
27,000 likes Imagine when I had
like 1000 people you're still
down and with that attitude it won't change
focus Juan what is that belittling
was all the time brother and literally
hon You're [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean next to
me you're a boyo bro a boyo partner It's
that I've been above you for like 4 years
dude after you told me
that is a privilege for a privilege
Speaking clearly that your team plays
against mine simply because of the good
president that the other team has I had
told him that we had a
beer but it's that you take advantage of
these moments to make me angry he takes
advantage of it not after I activate it And
then I throw a hit Boom and he said it
once and he didn't say it again because I
can't say it again he can't
wherever you see it he
can't anymore dude he under me and treated me
bad  there you are saying again that
in the biggest event that I am going to
participate in my life bro, well,
again it is going to look like [ __ ] although I have
not given the context, wescol himself
reviews a little of his whole thing with Juan and it is
seen that it is what stung him the most,
yes, despite the fact that in the past they had
problems because wcol got involved with ar
gameplay in my opinion here it is again
an unnecessary comparison apart from that I do
not believe it is true And the fact is that with he
claims that his last girlfriends are all
prettier than Juan's girlfriend, I will
not go through that anymore, tell me
in the comments box what you
think about this and I will do a survey. I
think not but well, it's all a matter of taste,
like what he said, I have a better
bed than him, daddy 100% insured, my car
is better than his, my cars are
better, any car that is
better than his, my last three
girlfriends are better than his, he said it, I
'm not saying anything, he said it, he threw
a follower back at him, I am also responding to him
in the same way, my last
three girlfriends are prettier than his girlfriend
too, I mean obviously  he has it he
insulted a follower in the same way
once you can't tell me
anything bro because he did that too if
you have it it's understood bro that that's how it is
and by the way something that I think is
going to hurt Juan more than what happened with
his girlfriend is that wcol has dared to
claim that his bed is much better than
Juan's with the great bed that
Juan has But the only thing I know is that my
bed is better because it has an
outlet here on the right side where I
can charge my cell phone my bed comes
with the outlet after that I had it made
big so it could fit a lot of
people and it has glass so that son of a
[ __ ] bed Speaking clearly well The fact
is that Juan is a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] bro And if
G Santos wins I don't lose a
damn thing because I'm better than
you bro You know it everyone knows
everyone knows that I'm better
than you partner everyone knows that
I grew up Only that I'm in my corner
and that you won't get me a check if
you win daddy  Thank you Cucho
that in some things you are better than me in a team
where I do not control you Yes, if I
beat you, you will be left like a piece of
[ __ ] lying on the floor covered in
[ __ ] and that son of a [ __ ] hco is not going to
get you out, the son of a [ __ ] if he goes out first to put on a
show to generate controversy, let's
turn around let's talk clearly Here we are also
going to charge the penalty, both of us can't
be so like Not charging it because you can't
go out with a [ __ ] strange [ __ ]
my brother Really, why the [ __ ]
not to charge the penalty Ah, he already
said, he already said that he was not going to charge the penalty
Uy pa, I can't believe you are like that
Uy, mate, you really don't like
the show so much, dude, the show So
when it suits you What person wouldn't
want to see uscol charge the penalty
and also Juan guarnizo charge it for the
whole world Do it for a show because I
want to laugh for a whole week
Juan has responded to this extract from
wescol as if he hadn't seen it
Although I doubt it because of his attitude, he threw you
if they are not comments eh with
competitiveness  With the sports pique I
completely ignore the subject I invite
him to enter that game but I'm not going to
enter into his little more than to say
how resentful he is with W Cole or rather he
has a pique with him I think I went
too far with the sports theme for the subject
of what could be the morbid of the
game without getting into personal issues
because once they told me if you don't
have anything good to say don't say it
and well I better get into what I can get
show And I think I did well and there I
stay Final Point Well he has the
doors pretty closed and Juan says
that he simply wants the show for the
King with him and nothing more that he is not going to
enter into any other subject other than that and as I
said he is glad that this
game happened and that the only thing he is looking for with
WESC is the show of the game the show of
the company nothing else is worth it I tell you
friends in truth I am glad that this
game happened for many factors I
think that the general audience of the
league and many people on the internet this is a
game that is exciting to see I know that
also many people not only
presidents but in truth a lot of
people are going to benefit in terms of
audiences from this game many other
presidents the league itself the most and
and that makes me happy because I think it's something
good for absolutely everyone but that's where
I and the boys are
going to play that game as if they were playing
against the neighborhood as if they were
playing against 1k against Giants against
Rayo de Barcelona or against Eh sence
that simple that simple what do
you think there will be a handshake there or
not in the last few hours we have been able to
attend something historic on the
platform with something that has to do
with the elite And it's that finally two
creators who can't stand each other decide not to
pretend they get along and stop
following each other No what's going on doctor what's
going on has been the case of ibai
with gref after ibai got angry
with a comment that gref made in his
live the other day due to the argument between
wco ibai a while ago greev went
live to affirm that he has spoken with
ibai privately and that they have decided not to
break each other's faces in public and to be
cordial each with his
very calm content and not create more gossip
because you already know that these people Well, they don't
like it They only like to see it when it
's about others I don't like me appearing on a
gossip channel unless it
's for something good they're here waiting for me to
say something about ibai We have
talked things over privately each one
has their points of view and that's it
guys and there's no need to go around in circles and
more gossip or [ __ ] I mean each one
is very calm with their content
with their things and absolutely
nothing happens I imagine if ibai was offended
by this what ibai would have done to them
if any of them had
dared to condemn cocu at the time
and take a step back and not attend the
evening you guys know that I have a
problem and that is that I well, I
often have no problem in in in
letting things out and in saying whatever, I mean
I don't keep anything to myself and above all I don't
keep anything to myself it doesn't matter who has it to
whom I'm saying it I mean I
say something to peter live I say it
to IB  or I tell Piqué or I tell it to who
knows So what happens is that when you
're like that, well, sometimes
things happen to you But anyway If I've
learned anything over all the years that I've been
here is that you can't be liked by
everyone, I mean, everyone, we've been here for
many years Well, we're always
going to have our funad some
will like you better with others you'll be
better with others worse but that's it
guys there's no need to give it any more
thought So that's it
We've spoken privately Pi
pii and that's it each one with their things and that's it
and there's no need to
give it any more thought okay guys for
now the relationship between the two seems to have
ended after this
unfollow and that he also
blocked gref on Twitch eh without further ado, that's it,
I am who I am and sometimes I say
things and I tell them I don't care
who it is I don't think about whether I'm
saying them to ibai or I'm saying them
to wescol or I'm saying them to Juan
guarnizo or your cousin and I always say
what  I think and that makes that well that's it well that well
things happen okay
And and that's it eh I do
n't know maybe I should keep quiet a lot of
times and it's true that in the world you do
Much better on the networks if you are well
a person who tends to
look good and it's much easier if you
are good you get along with everyone
but me because of my strong personality and
my way of expressing opinions Well, many times I
get involved in certain issues and that makes there
are people who like me and other
people who don't like me and there are people who
support me a lot and another thing well and
other people who throw hate at me, that's it,
everyone is as they are, everyone chooses their path,
their way of being and there each one with the
consequences is what it is okay
obviously as always it usually happens I
think that when a few days or a
few weeks pass or there is some event in which
the two have to play the role they will
hug each other, shake hands and
pretend Ann that everything is perfect
I know many youtubers who in
public are super eh good vibes and
then they are bad people I already know  we'll
see and we'll comment on it There's no
more here bef there's no more things there's
nothing more decisive than this okay And that's it yes I would
ask you that well of course I was
going to tell you not to send me
clips of ibai to react because I can't
see them but the funniest thing is that I
can see them because of course he when
blocking me from like really it's so I do
n't see clips but the thing is that what I ca
n't see is his live I mean if you
send me clips Yes I can see them but
don't send me anything and that's it's like you do
n't want me to see any more of your clips but I
can continue watching the clips because
Twitch works like that but that's it guys that's it there's
no need to go around in circles
eh tiki tiki tucu tucu and let's go there
okay but maybe now I'll
throw a comment at wescol and they'll fund me
in Colombia you know what I want to tell you
if it's that I eat how I don't give a [ __ ] about everything
and all Well I don't know if it's the best
guys the way things are okay And that's it
and we could go around in circles a lot
but it's  that is not
worth the beginning of the controversy is something
that it seems that nobody is remembering And it
all starts with the final of the
King list America in which
the alofoke team was being eliminated
and Will Smith this false and basically
spursito realized at one point that
the King leit audience figures were wrong in the first
Draft Yes but if we put it like that
West call yesterday also had 50 and something it's that we
are not watching those of the most
channels we are watching the one from the league
in the one from the league there were triple the number of
people in the first Draft of the Kings
League Americas than in the first Draft
of the Kings League Spain that is a
fact Yes if we start talking about
people IV had more for example than
westcol yes but I'm talking about
the Stream of the league itself if
we put together numbers they were around there
because the Kings League Americas had
much more than the Kings League Spain in
its first live but IB had more than
for example West call in the Draft
of the Kings it is more or
less understood  maybe in the live of the
league itself the triple in the Kings League
Americas compared to the Kings League
Spain it is not that difficult to understand
listen one thing we are talking about IB
which is number one no Claro whatever he
does I
will have aof
110,000
to 11 or rather alof had more than
IB
yesterday Good God but it's that the people the
people is that give the data that
interests them man to F he had more than
in the history
70 that's why I tell you and it's nothing I'm
not saying it to defend anyone if I don't care
if for me it is to me it would be
better to say It's not that the one from Spain had more
but it's a lie it's that the one
from America had more it's not a problem we don't have to
always release the
numbers that interest us
the numbers are the numbers and they are
there on this channel we have mentioned the
fque on some other occasion because
right now it has the record I would say that
of the most viewed channels in
Spanish-speaking Stream I think it is number one
in figures right now but ok
correct me  if i'm wrong he's
breaking it with his live shows on YouTube
where he has a podcast in which in addition
to chatting he interviews some artists
and they talk about interesting topics and the numbers
that he has for the foke, well ibay doesn't have it,
this one that you are seeing on screen
are the numbers of the 10 most
viewed live shows of al los foke on YouTube
only in April 2024 neither Bay nor
auron nor wcol, nobody comes close to the
viewers of the foke, well let's see, they don't even come
close to the viewers or even adding
several of them together it's an outrage the
only thing that happens is that the audience that
has the F, which is not an audience that
consumes Twitch and this kin thing, they don't even know
what it is, is surely an audience
normally from Miami, North America, of
which surely out of every 20 people who
know this alofoke, well there will
surely be two who know
ibai or who know who he is, for
example, Kimberly lo Isa's live shows
on tiktok usually have more than 1 million
viewers. I have the last live show on
tiktok written down here  1,800,000 and
none of these statistics appear
in these statistics appear Well, the ones that
the kid who keeps the account knows going
back to spursito It turns out that he
was doing a Stream in which he
was broadcasting the end of the
King of the Americas and while broadcasting he
mentioned the following the biggest
Spanish-speaking streamer in the world is
leaving
op they have
thrown the biggest Spanish-speaking streamer
in the world watch out there too the eggs
deit big being that in front of the
noble giant
tod means it's a
drastic decision to make while you're
playing a semi-final of the final what you were
going to he stays thinking for a few seconds
because he surely scratched the
comment and asked the question the
question that has sparked controversy the
question that surely many people have
thought do you think you think that Us
I personally
from the middle distance of Monreal The Movida
It is that at first I
believed that they were referring to Kick
which I have to recognize and my
personal opinion maybe I'm
wrong that the numbers here it is
true that they do not add up much for me  uh I
mean those statistics and those
huge numbers man I mean I'm really surprised
that there are so many people on that platform
in such a short time such a
strange platform so new but well we'll see would
n't it be necessary to do with some action with
some call to action What would be the reaction
of the public uh or trying to get
the K public to interact with another
social network to measure those numbers to see if
they are real or not no but now
I'm seeing that YouTube broadcasts
which there is no Bot there and Mario I looked
at YouTube and I already said if you do a
streaming on YouTube Like I had
200,000 views and you finish the live and it has
views it's
impossible no But maybe there is another way to
count the visit
perata and a stick [ __ ]
perando and I have 1000 visits more or less Of
course because it's the people who have
passed also let's see what
DJ Mario is saying it is not exactly as
DJ Mario is saying it If he
had Bots that were adding up the
viewers on YouTube if then when
the live ends he sees 11 or
15,000 visits it's because it takes a long time  a while to
update it often happens to me
that publicly they are seeing that I have
finished a live and that it has 10,000
and in reality in YouTube Studio I am
seeing that it has Maybe 10,000 that it has
Maybe four that it has Maybe
30 or 40,000 so I imagine
that YouTube goes a little crazy the TV
To registers the first figure that
DJ Mario is saying but it is very
difficult for the fque
Bot to be using but also if the numbers
match the number of comments
with the number of likes and with the
interactions that networks have, then
nothing strange seems strange Likewise, due to
ibai's expressions, I find it a bit
envious And he lets it drop to leave it in
the air not in a live stream in which they
have a huge audience, I was very upset by
what you told me and that about boxing and all
that stuff and I think that America deserves to
do this type of event, I mean, you as a
Spaniard as the best streamer for me
that exists, from aulo Hispana, I don't talk
about numbers, I talk about your influence, I talk
about your content
of what you represent you have inspired people like me to do great things like you I'm not doing it as big as you I'm really making the path for that and I think you mistreated me with what you said after this because the conversation between wescol arose in which both were
very pissed off about what
ibai had said you know that between wescol and ibai there was
already some piss Because wescol
said the other day that he surely has
a bigger contract than the one
ibai has on Twitch he has it on Kick the
F he was very pissed off and
regretted having treated ibai well
before and he even let it slip that
ibai was
showing off the good poncha [ __ ] What a
good thing it is to get BB for
the evening four I throw a bucket of honey at
al kin and gal that everyone is an [ __ ]
eh No so it has to be and right now I'm
also going to throw [ __ ] at him even
to I and I threw [ __ ] at him so he
learns to respect I
didn't suck his crazy bug and I regret it I
suck him up I'm going  to say look or son of
a [ __ ] they're going to happen to you son
of a [ __ ] That's how I'm going to say it
with a name [ __ ] no me I already threw it at him no it's that
yes bro you can't go out and talk
like that how is that son of a [ __ ] going to
say that you have Bots Ah yes Bots
later I said it tell me to my face he didn't
tell me No well he's going to tell you
bro obviously he's not going to tell you but
the son of a [ __ ] didn't tell me to my face
and mom you know why I didn't hit him so hard
because he was sucking me off so I could
get him some balls dude for
verada I'm
from Well we talked we talked in Bogotá
Well yes we have to save chim Cab Yeah yeah good good
good save number Ah I'm going to save
it I'm going to
save it this that you just saw damaged
his ego the noble giant who has rarely
had someone stand up to him
we have seen in recent years how
almost nobody well not to tell you nobody of
those who were invited to the evening the
only ones who refused to go to the evening
with the Main Stream who had the
Last year we were gossip channels and not
even all of them What's up see most
of the creators were behind
criticizing ibai for having this m and for
rewarding koku after what
was in his past and in fact we saw some
pretty ridiculous situations Like for
example Ari Gameplay defending
cocu let's see Stop getting hooked on
things from the past What the we saw what we saw with
chistin Nini we saw what we saw with maichi that
was regrettable what we saw with caprim min I won't even
tell you people selling their dignity to
avoid throwing themselves at the noble giant and
this is what
ibai was used to he's not used to a
huesco coming what comes an alofoke standing up to him
tells him his truths and even
dedicates himself to humiliating him in another Stream
with more viewers than
ibai has and if ivai wants to close the
doors to his events Well, let him
close them for example gref will have what you
want but gref does give a bit of a
damn if he has to say something he usually
says it and gref quiet in his house
dude I've been saying it  years this kid
is very smart man yes he keeps
his composure a bit because in the end when you
're at the elite you have to take care of yourself
quite a bit because of the issue of brands, issues of
contracts and those things but gref when he
has to give his opinion he
gives it and that's what happened on this occasion
greev described what ivai did exactly, that is to say, he did
n't insult him or defame him he
literally described the behavior that
ivai has on many occasions well
ivai let's say that he has played in his one
thing that he always does and it doesn't
surprise me I was watching the live I
saw the final 4 of the Americas a little bit in
the live of ibai pulsito and Mario and
suddenly ivai goes and says Hey exposito do you
think that alofoke uses Bots and it's something
that he does a lot he is very good at asking
questions in which he pretends not to
say something and that another person says it
for him then of course spursito said to him
well sincerely I think not And
you ibai what do you think But ibai does that a
lot Sometimes with the people
around him he throws questions that he himself doesn't
want to say  let someone else answer it and
he leaves like that
then what happens is that this has
sat very badly with alofoke and wescol and I
was there at that moment I know when they are
talking because they said it about
alofoke and then alofoke came into the
call and they were all like
that so well Eh yes it is what
always happens guys we spend many hours
live and here even the smartest the
dumbest and anyone well sometimes they
talk and say things they don't have to
say it has happened to all of us
and it will happen to us it is what it is ok well I was going to tell you that just because of this comment yv blocked gref blocked him from Twitch Also ban so that gref can't see his streams and gave him a follow on
Twitter but he hasn't done it only
for this he did it because they can't
see each other for a while another thing
is what Cox pretends It is true that there is
Bon and by they say that I stopped following you
on Twitter XD Ah Well I don't know I don't know
guys I have been talking a little
with him privately because he talks to me
privately when it suits him but eh No  I know let's
see apparently yes he has unfollowed me
on Twitter no because because if
not I would put here he follows you or something like that
maybe let's see because when someone Yes
look he follows you then officially it was
yes eh He doesn't follow me on Twitter I don't know
guys I wrote to him recently
to talk about narcís he didn't
answer me and the other day he sent me this
tiktok In which Eh well I say about the
alofoke thing and such that I commented on it like this
because someone passed it to me in the chat
as if asking me for explanations in fact
of this and I told him look and well I said what I
had to say and that's it I don't know if
something has bothered you but Greetings Eh he doesn't
answer me yv is a person that over
time I have realized that answers
according to Well I don't know it goes on his day so I do
n't know if there is a problem the
truth is if there is a problem he will
tell me privately By the way I was a
little naughty on Twitter and by put this
tweet with an Artificial Intelligence you
know the typical videos that make us
not the first performance of the evening to  what
I have answered well the first
performance you all do at the entrance
and on the red carpet when I pretended that you
can see each other and then I went to my
Twitter account I took a
screenshot of ibai's profile and I put it and
after a while I put this after a while okay And he
gives me a really hot follow and people
have eaten it I mean there are a lot of
people commenting and celebrating this
because he has eaten it I didn't even
follow Ibai neither I him nor he me yes it
is true that on some occasions
we have spoken if he has had to
ask me something or tell me something he talks to me or I mean he
talks to me privately sometimes he has
appeared on one of my live shows and I have
also spoken to him when I
wanted to ask him something Well in fact
we have commented on some things not
some information but we did not
follow each other the truth no it is not a
content that interests me And
surely mine Well yes he is interested
but he watches it secretly can you
please send me comments from all the people
who are celebrating that ibais has
given me a follow and has  eaten with
chips the bik choca has commented on
this thing stating that he loves that
everyone is fighting because
he really likes gossip that the
dude is at odds with everyone I
saw that he hit ibai he hit I do
n't know who well he's at odds with everyone
no eh I love that they're at
odds with everyone Look for me
as if they'd kill each other for me as if they'd kill each other
I love the drama I love that
people are honest and say what they
think and I love it man I hesc
gives in to me like a [ __ ] [ __ ] I already know that he has
a lot of haters and a lot of such I don't give a
[ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] I don't care I
love it when people say what they
[ __ ] with Enough of being
afraid I like that people say what they
think and if you don't like someone just
say it [ __ ] it and nothing happens we don't have to
live in a world of butterflies and
roses that's not how life is I imagine  that it will be like
not everyone loves gossip
but that it doesn't go against them we have to
live in this pantomime of having to be on
good terms with everyone I don't give a damn I
also saw that ibai
was fighting with gref I don't
know what's right for them to have fights between
them It's fine I'm here I've been reading
the drama for me let them kill each other man let them kill each other
for me they
both look great I let them resolve
things I have to say that I
would resolve those things privately but if they
want to fight each other let them fight I don't care
man do what you want
and he said that greev is right but that
well well the thing is that he agreed
like halfway with both of them he says that gref
is right but that he doesn't
agree with the opinion he has
regarding ivai that he doesn't think that ivai
asks those questions with malice Then he
doesn't have it no then he does or he doesn't
have it gref's Take is funny because I'm
going to comment on it that I got the soda I
greev threw it at by pone  In the mouths of
others, the thoughts that he has, I think it's
not like that and I'm not saying it to take a
stand because I don't give a
[ __ ], but I don't think it's like that. I
think what ibai does is not what
ibai does is stir up [ __ ] because he
loves stirring up [ __ ] but it's for
fun. But I don't think he does it
with malice, he doesn't do it with malice. I think
the point is malice. I think he does it
to stir up [ __ ] because he loves
stirring up [ __ ] because he's a son of a [ __ ]
reviewing a little the beef between ibai and
gref from all these years since he
brought him up on stage at the evening To
tell him that he had broken his record.
Something that many people saw as something
on purpose to rub in the
humiliation and V in a podcast they said
that you did it on purpose How come
I did it on purpose gaman that I did it on
purpose What, the this that I uploaded
to gref if you break the record I want to go up
with you to congratulate you one thing how the
[ __ ] am I going to tell you gref go up go
up get here you know what you're breaking your
record Take my [ __ ] or whatever  please
my God we are crazy please people we are we are
crazy for God's sake I mean we are
crazy in the head No man no
the truth is that ibai
did it on some occasion in a controversy
when koi lost greev made a copy
paste which is a behavior that is
like a meme on Twitter the most
important thing is that you are there in the bad times
Because in the good times everyone
gets on board but in the bad times you see
who really stays don't be hard
on the kids Even if they disappoint you they
are giving And they will continue to give 100%
to win this league and they are going to do it
then gref comes along and does a copy and
paste you are not there either for the
good times or the bad times you haven't seen a you haven't
seen a retis match
in your [ __ ] life stop crying and prepare
your kids for this the truths are
told in the crack ebai responded to this
super chopped stating that he didn't care if
his team lost or won the
match because what mattered to him
is that he was always going to have more
viewers in his  live does not
justify that you are a
public figure that someone constantly curses your
dead and even people
who mainly do it through
private messages if you come to insult and you are
a streamer public figure commentator
journalist etcetera let me tell you that you
are not in the same place as a
follower you are not in the same place at
least on social networks in terms of
exposure because in the good times everyone
gets on board in many games
have this image that is bad and that he does not care about
losing and wow he is a
competitive guy and losing pisses him off a lot and
sometimes in confrontations that we have had
we have really gotten into it of I
mean I do not hide and I am a
super competitive kid you know and I
am a son of a [ __ ] he got angry because
especially also because your team loses you
are in a bad mood And then you
find a son of a [ __ ] like me with
a profile picture in a red suit that
posts that tweet and you get angry and you get angry
because obviously he is a bacile I think
that if tomorrow tic beats him coi ahb one will have a heart attack
live two breaks his
table three blocks me on Twitter one of
these three options because the only thing I
've told gref is that he doesn't watch
retix's games imagine if I had gotten
on Twitter I'd curse
your [ __ ] mother calvo auron it's better that
you don't watch a [ __ ] retix game
damn this guy has gotten heated he's going to
break a table gref I'm not going to break the table
don't worry because if
tomorrow I lose against tics and we lose
against Giants and Barsa you know why I
won't break the table because there are between 120 and
140,000 guys and girls who watch us every
afternoon because I have something much more
important than a victory in the LoL whatever I do I have
a lot of
people who are crazy about what I do but I'm not
going to break any tables what are all
these [ __ ] people who are in the chat Los
Auténticos hijos de la gr paste from the other
day is unpleasant Do it anyway I
will answer you and I will take you out dancing of
course by  of course But do it
anyway I love that there are so many
people watching what happens with
our [ __ ] team there are people watching
and Hoping we lose that's why I won't
break any tables But there are people who
are watching are there I love that
feeling there was another occasion in which they
had a certain pique because gref put
in a compromise when he saw that he had
allowed other streamers to put his
colleagues In the teams almost at the last
minute he asked IB almost at the last
moment to put peter putting him
in a compromise that the giant did not
sit well with give me context Focus of the
tanizen pck of ibai please to
understand it eh tanizen is good too
more or less no but the context that I think he
was not in the IB team has
played Ah yes because he brought it well maybe he
forgot to put it on the list and he
said come on I'll bring it here or
rather no no I don't know What answer
can be given to him now I understand well with Peter
on the team we already win no Peter doesn't
play Peter screw you I mean let's
do what I was going to do and say that's what
his event is for  [ __ ]
obviously what's up I how are you but
why did you just sign an
ascendant there for free yesterday it was almost a
diamond I'm about to go down that's
pretty bad in fact p it's already in
fact it's already live to play it
bothers you but you brought an ascendant and that's it
No that's your plan no no but I
wanted to ask you and tanen was in the
races I mean he was in the Draft yesterday
eh No he wasn't in the Draft but it's just that I did
n't have anyone else to play
races with the truth and for example rebor they
were yesterday back yes no no if you can I mean you can
tell me whatever you want gref
but you for example with the eslan you do
what you want because they're your prizes
Well with the in efico the same of course
Peter is here to see it no Then
I I want to ask you an Peter can
play eh No he's not he's not on your team
and he's not established enci Peter is
ascendant or rather GTA races the
usual ones from the
auron streaming have played host Peter is a
powerful signing dog yes tanen I think
the races have gone quite badly no
Well but it's the usual group I haven't
brought a guy  Piter for example I
live with him he is my lifelong friend
guys please stop with the free
Piter thing He is really being a bit
annoying If you want Peter to play what you can't do
is these traps
DIF he could have warned me
privately but since he is an expert
Peter was already prepared in the
discord room and he says can Peter play
or not let's not see What does my community do in
the face of this of course you know like if I bring
Mint to a tournament and I say Hey you
can play no [ __ ] what a shame he was really
excited well I guess he won't
be able to play Of course Auron told me
last night so well we
were able to talk and I said wow Well
if on top of that Reborn makes your team
a little more competitive better because it
's true that Auron without Reborn and without
Arit had a pretty FL team watch the
truth is of course it's not the same to include
someone to make your team more
competitive and to be able to have
more balanced games than to include another who
is very good at ruining the tournament
months before this Piqué without any
type of permission with gref announced at the
end of a live show in front of 300,000
spectators an ibai against gref for
evening 4at ibai against de gref Santiago
bernabeu evening 4 June 29th in other words
probably the most random tweet of the day and
we forget a little bit that ivai and
pique finished a live show with
300,000 people saying that ibai is going
to fight me on evening 4 at the
Santiago bernabeu and we pretend that
I'll already talk to them about all this in
private or tomorrow Even in
the Kings League chup chup it's sure to come out it's
sure to come out And uriol says guys here
we are to talk about football and the
casuistry and we are agreeing on the weight
in which we are going to kill each other the government
stealing there is a point of affection there is a
point of love story but I should
think about all the times that it has
touched me Thank you to Lucía in 2022 ibai
hit greev hard
after the failure of ring Craft greev
went out to call  crybabies to all the
streamers who complained about the event that
was a complete disaster when months
before greev called Juan guarnizo a crybaby
for not wanting to assume the mistakes of his
event which is one of my big
projects of 2022 my Twitch Rivals my
Minecraft event I'm going to tell you
with all the love we have for you gre
okay with all the love we have for you
gref you're not realizing that
people whoever they are I knew that there were people
calling me Rich Sprint
farfadox or whoever a crybaby but it turns out that
gref himself did it eh Let's see gref with
all the love we have for you don't you
realize that people don't you realize that people
aren't crying
because you win or lose but
people are crying for the organization
of the tournament and how the
tournament has been run where the rules are
[ __ ] invented every day it's not that you
lose it's that the rules are
[ __ ] invented every day You
think someone is crying because
you win or lose people  he's
crying in case he's crying he's
crying because how is the tournament it's not
because you win because instead of Hey
apologizing and saying let's try to
fix it yaas crybaby to the others is
this gref the same one that the South Games
of Minecraft called Juan guarnizo a
crybaby because he was criticizing the
audience and the viewers the truth is that
here ivay brought it very well but
I also think that the issue of gref with
Juan guarnizo calling him a crybaby comes
with ulterior motives you know that I think that
between them there is something There's him let's see do
you want my honest opinion About this
tiktok This tiktok is a very
big cry if many people in the community
and many creators have complained it is for a
reason and you have no choice As an organizer, but
accept it no matter how much it hurts you and
by se wait for the moment to say Hey hey hey
and that's why it fell on me a little but it
is true that Juan guarnizo came out
directly and said I'm fed up with
doing events because people throw
a lot of [ __ ] at me what the gentleman  from greev
replied Juan what you said is a
bit of a crybaby if so many people criticize you
whether it's streamers OR viewers maybe they're
right Reflect on that's what gref said
to Juan if he if the public gers and
viewers criticize gref's event they are
crybabies unless the one
criticizing is gref at another event in which case it
is constructive criticism Reflect Reflect
and think Reflect and think
and then what for me was the crack
that ended up breaking this relationship and
there I have to tell you that it
seemed very ugly very low on the part of
ibai to attack in this way pointing to
gref for the issue of how he pays taxes and
that he goes to Andorra for the exact number of days
to then live in Spain while he
is in Andorra for the exact number of days to
meet the requirements we are
basically accusing him of cheating
by getting into his own tax issues teacher
when I am older how do I pay my taxes
Well look very easy you go to Andorra and you
spend 50 days there and 230 in Spain like
gref does and when the Treasury comes to you  to
investigate you put the brown to tues and
greev returned it to him that here the truth
is that greev had it pretty well
brought with kbai he boasts a lot that he doesn't care about
taxes and that he wants to pay for
roads hospitals and such when he
pays taxes because it is a company it is very
funny ibai not with the little jokes
Fiscal We would have to see IB already noos how he
taxes his income if he pays taxes by
company per person because nowadays we do
not stop making jokes about Andorra I am going to
start making jokes in the
Kings league programs to see how
each one pays taxes no because it seems that the
only problem you can have with
taxes is going to Andorra when you are
paying the taxes of that country
We would have to see how each one pays taxes to see if he pays taxes as a person if he pays taxes as a company As if in a live as I was
going and making jokes Fiscal well we
are going to have to start making
jokes Fiscal no guys you know that
gref threw me there not with the subject of
taxes and such What did he throw at you, he says Okay okay  We would have to
see how
those who stay in Spain pay taxes through
their companies. I don't pay taxes through
any company. Dad, I give it to the
Spanish people, poot teli directly,
that's what he would do if he stayed in
Spain. The son of a [ __ ], I think that's what we
all do. And to be
honest, I think that in this war, the one
who has thrown the lowest and most
pointed blows. And look, I have no
friendship with either of them. Note
that in any case, I have spoken more with ibai
than with gref, gref has even called us on
strike, but on this occasion I think
ibai has hit harder. Always,
gref said, if I speak, I vomit, he has caught a
virus, really, a very screwed up virus. In the
end, the mint thing, what is
gref's virus, gref's virus, seam, you
become a bad guy, no empathy,
with ego, with pride, I mean, like cancer
but 15 years younger. Said, if I speak, no, it's not that it does
n't stop, it
's one after the other and then the worst thing is that
when I let it go  I then
make five tiktoks for me I [ __ ] on their [ __ ]
mother I [ __ ] on their [ __ ] mother it's already
pissing me off or or or I'm
lucky I change Random or we lose it's already
touching my dick muted okay to
change the beginning can I change
the Pokémon now or not it's that I don't know
however this doesn't mean that
gre also had his thing of
course but gref if the
platform crashes because I'm doing an
event it's because Twitch is regrettable it's not
my fault it was just missing I mean what the
[ __ ] do I do it wasn't auron guys I saw
what auron did auron said that it had
crashed and that it couldn't be that it crashed
but gref I saw him in a clip in
fortnite he told him these are the balls with
iai events these are the balls
with iai events Really seriously
go do an event can only he
work you are not with andorra
Telecom V to Spain confin not est you will
fall I was playing fortnite
angry and here you have a tweet I don't know  if
from delox or nimu getting wet On the
matter then Ann will
publicly reconcile for the good of both and
people will continue to think that they are good
friends the day that the fandom accepts that
in the elite almost no one gets along and
almost everything is pure interest these types of
things will stop being news on the other
hand I think that gref has released pure
factors and by can't allow himself to say
according to what things because of the position he
is in and that's why he plays a lot to release
the question cap and Let someone else answer
for him Cris has done another
live protesting about the hate he
receives and stating that he is not able to
bear it but I for example before
dedicating myself to this eh I could imagine what it
was but I would never have understood what it
really is that I didn't dedicate myself to
this Well I was thinking about the famous ones I say yes I
expose you well of all the typical No well
that they ignore everything if people are
[ __ ] that they [ __ ]
people up I don't know what I could understand I say
no it must be a burden but it's
garbage of [ __ ] that no that you couldn't
even go buy bread in some  cases you
know it's impossible to understand it 100%
unless you're in it recently it's
been on Boca de todo el mundo again
for a tweet from Movistar esport which was
a tweet that I don't know if this was real or it
was really some kind of By because
the truth is that it surprised me
a lot it was a tweet where Movistar
stated that Cristinini was going to be was
about to be signed by Netflix to
take her story of role Play in
Marbella to a series, that is, a
Netflix series about the role Play of Chistin
Nini what are you telling me, I mean it does
n't suit me at all but well There it is
no there was the news and there were a lot of
people like when ánd olo
[Music]
criticizing you having their things you may like it
more or less to me there are times when I like it there
are times when I don't like it so-so
But well, in general I like it
except for some things in which I have not
agreed with her every
day they judge you that every day they
insult you that every day they crush you
that people are simply judging
what  you make it seem like she supports you then
she's just judging you too what you say
but no longer trusting even the people who
seem to support me betrayals fighting
for the same thing the Yeah Then on top of that We
also have to fight with what is
said about us that 90% of
things are lies like already more dude it's
like everything everything everything everything everything with
which you can't understand what happens that
you become like a [ __ ] cowbell what's
lost but it's normal it's
normal and then of course there are many people who ca
n't handle this and And no and and it
drains their life their energy How many eh
famous eh singers actors actresses haven't
ended up leaving TV the
acting the music even if it's for a
while like thousands in the offices such I do
n't know what And it's like dude and What has
this girl done What has this girl done
and I think Well work but I swear I feel like
answering and well
work dude that's what I've done
work since I can remember and make an
effort And if I've wanted something I've
signed up for courses And if I've wanted something I've
studied it And if I've wanted  I've made a bit of an
effort and while you were being
[ __ ] on Twitter I
was studying I was working and
also it seems to me that she's a girl who
despite the fact that she may have had a little bit
of repercussions for having been
with the best of the crowd, those black people who
love us have been very racist that I don't know if they
really knew her long before that
maybe they did I don't know but she's
a girl who could screw her ex-boyfriend and
if you see her she's not obsessed she
could have reported him and she hasn't reported him and it makes me
laugh a lot because it's not that you
think one that there are a lot of macho men you
know and a lot of macho men like this
chick is into [ __ ] all day the offices
are like dude they can't conceive No I haven't
[ __ ] absolutely anyone I mean
Hello and she's [ __ ] half t No I'm not
going to do it either yes I'm not going to lie to you either I have
n't done it because no because I'm into
other things dude but the majority is
because they work nothing more and when you work
a company comes then people want to
work with you that's the job  if it hasn't
been Pepito you already know who I
mean by Pepito eh No, Pepito hasn't screwed me
Pepito has absolutely
nothing to do with it or rather eh what are you going to do
Pepito has screwed it and now we have to stay between
the sides no it has nothing to do with it
Pepito or rather eh he has screwed it
Well, I've been working since 2017 in
television and I know a lot of people because I've
done a lot of things for a lot of
people and each and every one of them has
left many people happy not
because he's screwed a 38 year old son of a
fool more than the actresses because
why don't you see every day with a 25 year old
because if not the
numbers don't add up I mean, let's go, I don't even know what I'm
doing Stream would I have to be
screwing because the numbers don't add up otherwise no, I can't
say look I can't
do Stream because the thing is I have I have
the list that no and he's always like
working to move forward no I mean he
's always preparing for more things has he
studied dubbing he's
now getting something else And well, in
general he has complained  a little bit of the same
old stuff and I know it's going to come back now
the same old story which is
that because this chick is back here I do
n't know what crazy thing about everything Gen who's been around for
like two years now just
wanting to go unnoticed dude I just
wanted to do my [ __ ] my little events
outside of Twitch for nobody to see it nobody
to know anything and that's it dude I already said it in fact in the last time and such that I was with in the house I went and such I don't feel so comfortable anymore you know in a role more like that dude I don't know I'm super comfortable Doing my thing in a second third
quarter fifth I don't care tenth then
all these people then They will go
championing health ment and now because
I'm more on my own And such But
when I was top one that was it but
now because I'm calmer and with
Third Plane but but damn no because it
terrifies me to be out there having a really
good time with my friends that I will have the right
too once a year to get
a Turkish girl who doesn't even know my name
with my friends In my circle of friends
I won't have the right let's say I say with
everyone  Well no because I'm afraid
that someone might record it. I don't know these
days the Cry thing is very much on everyone's lips. I
recommend that you watch
the video on the main Channel where we
talked about the Cry mua breakup and
what Jerry is doing and several
influencers seem to have taken advantage of the opportunity to
give Cry a hard time. I imagine
that to use it as a bit of a springboard, I mean,
you get on a
springboard and how life is eh, now
streamers who were once very top
use you now to
relaunch themselves crii is the name that it
already has Even the chip of falling with
Cry It seems that no
time is being wasted friends Today is a very
important day Because first of all the
hair and secondly today I'm recording a
music video and it's with someone I want you to Guess if
guess if you guess I follow you I'm
going to show it to you in a little while but gey
maximum excitement of having this song with
this great artist
gey this great artist the baby is
quite an influencer  viral this doesn't
need a springboard right now it's very
viral in Mexico in fact it came out
on a Big Brother type reality show with
a lot of viewers but there and
in the last few hours he has also declared his love to Cry I
mean I love Cry and I text
him and stuff but yes I like him but I
'm just getting to know him we
're just texting each other I
mean and besides he already went to
Guadalajara so well no mm he
told me he wasn't dating anyone but well I do
n't know m if he told me I was pretty and
like he is cute but I feel like because he is cute
he you know Not because I'm hitting on him
but well I feel like he doesn't even
like me on his broadcast channel anyway he said
that he likes let's see he knew someone and he's
super handsome and cute but I think he didn't
like me that much and he's afraid of several
things because we don't know each other that well you
know who it is when he likes you in the
controversy But even so do you want to
take the risk baby girl He's going all out for Cry
what do you guys think of everything he said
Well what it seems to me is that he doesn't
want to get off the viral wave in
the last few days we've been talking
a lot about the numbers he's having
kik the truth is that I have to talk
to uncle shur Because I saw that he
switched to ki and I have no idea
why Or rather because he was doing very well
on Twitch I don't know what happened I don't know
why he dared to make that change in
a few words I'll explain it I don't know what
this I don't know what that I don't know what what you
know the least or rather and then you don't believe
anything but apparently people are
earning a lot I don't know if it's because they're
earning a lot of money or it's just
something I don't know the truth I mean I just don't
understand I'm one of those who think that the
less I touch things the better
if they're okay to leave them as they are even though you're
renewing yourself a bit
and adapting No you know that many
times I'm a restless ass that I
start touching this now I touch this now I
leave the main channel now I take it back
things happen that harm tanen he said he
was very happy with Kick and stated that
in just six live broadcasts he has already earned
more than 2000 euros do you want me to say what I have
generated on kiik with six
live streams
2234 between subs plus the ccip but in other words
on kik they are literally paying what was
paid on Twitch a year and a half ago
plus a little more than what was paid on
Twitch a year and a half ago with ads let's
see but I think I mean we have to be
completely honest this Kick thing eh
right now is well for what it is well because they
want eh attract people because they
want the creators on the platform
because they want Damn that the creators
are well I honestly do
n't know what to tell you about this yes it is true that
I think it is strange because without ads
it is not sustainable in the end you have to
depend on what people want to
donate to you or not many times you can do
live streams and live streams and people don't
give you subs or donate anything to you the question
is you don't know how long it will last that is
obvious But that happened that has happened with
Twitch it has happened with YouTube it has happened
with everything what is happening now on
Twitch the excuse of No no it's not that of course
it is going to end Well of course it is
everything ends in life
if Twitch is going to [ __ ] [ __ ]
What do you want me to tell you But damn but
Kick doesn't give me the sensations
for example that mixer or
Facebook Gaming gave me who is behind
Kick That's the thing there was an interview with the
owner of kiik and they asked him
well And how long do you think
the platform is going to last I don't know what and the guy
answered he said It's not
a project for one year or two or
three this is a long term project
but of course who is behind it is to
think that it is a platform that
has behind it the casino with the most money in the
world they have a [ __ ] team in
Formula 1 crypt bros etc they have
money but well we will be waiting to
see how it goes to see if the
live shows from here we spend them there but I
don't think so eh I doubt it very much both ter and
Jaime osano have published a tweet
each announcing the breakup that is already
confirmed after several times
apart we are no longer
together we have broken up for quite some
time but we hadn't said it on social
networks Well, just like  when we started
dating it took us a long time to say it on social
media when we announced that we were
together we've been together for a year so we kind of
waited for this well now it's the
same Yeah like living it first for
us and then sharing it you don't
ask me much on social media If
Jaime and I are still together we broke up a
long time ago and it was a
friendly and kind break up the years we've
spent together have been incredible and I
feel so much love and gratitude
for everything we've shared We
hadn't said it yet because we
preferred to live it first for ourselves but the
thing is that when we started we were two idiots we
were very different eh we were
both very lost Well on a
professional level first of all because we also
met through
professional things we met through
YouTube we had both just become YouTubers
and that's overwhelming how we
receive so many comments
asking us we have made a video
together of farewells I'll leave the link
here and they have put the link of the video on
YouTube and then as people we have
lived a lot, I mean we have Well the
same as professionally we have
evolved personally each one in our
our through the relationship It's that
this bond has really
changed my life I feel like we've gone
from being children to adults together I
feel so grateful for the
relationship Jaime for his part has posted a
more or less similar message ter and I
broke up a long time ago and it was
a very amicable breakup it's been a
wonderful few years we've grown together a
lot and we've helped each other a lot I
already sensed it there and in fact Jaime
and ter broke up it's one of the first
search results for our name
on some networks tiktok even suggests it
in our posts as an
automatic search as always the algorithm is
one step ahead So we've
decided to make a farewell video together
Our path
converging
of being together I won't say Don't cry because
not all tears are bitter
who said that
gandal personally I feel like it brings a lot of
joy to see when a couple breaks up like this
I hope it's like that I don't know how long they'll be
separated but I hope it's like
that and the battles don't start And they end up
reporting or 1 things and that in the end they
end up with obsessive things for
life anyway it's nice when they are like this
things and it's that well this is an
example that things can end
well and that in fact it's the most normal thing in the
world that should happen that when
things are no longer there and they no longer work well
Hey each one on their own and that's it not
that they are fighting longer than they have been
together But well then nothing
a family breakup here we
leave today's video today The truth
is that today it has been quite
long but I hope it has been
your liking If you have reached this
part of the video because it has been so
thank you I will be reading the
comments box I send you a huge kiss
remind you all That's good Congratulations to the one who
has won the video game
here the editor will be putting How to
redeem it and that you can support this channel
if you want us to continue growing by
becoming a member or giving me a
super Thank you in the comments okay
the highlighted comment appears in
colors and I always answer them all
okay in case you want to put topics to me in case you
want to send me something ask me something and I
always answer you I always answer
all the Super thank you okay So there I
read you a kiss  family until the
next video bye
[Music]